I borrow money on condition.
What kind of condition?
5 points of strength
And kneel down and kowtow to me a hundred times
Hahahaha, you see you are deceiving too much.
The princess is wrong
This is a deal.
He can also refuse
But if you can't get it out after two months
100,000 a sword
That's going to lose your head
Who says we can't take it out?
He has partnered with the Four Seas Chamber of Commerce
We make 300,000 a day
Just selling women's underwear
What 300,000 two?
You're 1.70 million
Let me tell you
I have greeted all the banks in Jincheng
No one will lend you money
Hahahaha
Duan Gongzi, you fool
I said I would borrow money
What if you don't borrow money?
Kneel down and kowtow
I'm considering less effort for you.
Hahahaha
Oh, by the way, Mr. Deng
How does your MSG taste?
Nice and fairly cheap.
As long as
10,000 you sold to King Liang 50,000 two
Presumably the cost is also indispensable
Hahaha and other 10,000 taels in the large population
But dozens of words, don't talk nonsense
Learn to bark
My son told me
What are you talking about?
How is that possible?
Why not?
I am the channel you said